Geroge Carlin
2005
life is worth losing

I am a modern man, a man for the millennium.
Digital and smoke free
A diversified, multi-cultural, postmodern deconstructionist.
It's politically, anatomically and ecologically incorrect.
I've been up-linked and downloaded.
I've been inputed and outsourced.
I know the upside of downsizing.
I know the downside of upgrading.
I am a high-tech lowlife,
a cutting-edge, state-of-the-art bicoastal multi-tasker,
and I can give you a gigabyte in a nanosecond.
I'm new wave, but I'm old school,
my inner child is outward-bound.
I'm a hotwired, heatseeking, warmhearted cool customer.
I'm voiceactivated and biodegradable.
I interface with my database, and my database is in cyberspace.
so I'm interactive, I'm hyperactive and from time to time I'm radioactive.
Behind the eight-ball, ahead of the curve.
Riding the wave, Dodging the bullet, Pushing the envelope.
I'm on point, on task, on message and off drugs.
I got no need for coke and speed,
I got no urge to binge and purge.
I'm in the moment, on the edge, over the top, but under the radar.
A high concept, low profile, medium range ballistic missionary.
A steetwise smart bomb, a top gun bottom feeder.
I wear power ties, I tell power lies, take power naps, I run victory laps.
I'm a totally ongoing, bigfoot slam dunk rainmaker with a proactive outreach.
A raging workaholic, A working rageholic, out of rehab and in denial.

I got a personal trainer, a personal shopper,
a personal assistant and a personal agenda.
You cann't shut me up, you cann't dumb me down,
cause I'm tireless and I'm wireless.
I'm an alpha male on beta blockers.
I'm a non-beliver and over-achiever.
Laid back but fashion forward.
Up front, down home, low rent, high maintenance.
Super size, long lasting, high definition, fast acting, oven ready and built to last.
I'm a hands on, foot loose, knee jerk, head case.
prematurely post traumatic,
and I have a love child who sends me hate mail.
But I'm feeling, I'm caring, I'm healing, I'm sharing.
A supprtive bonding nurturing primary care giver.
My output is down, but my income is up.
I take a short position on the long bond.
and my revenue stream has its own cash flow.
I read junk mail, I eat junk food, I buy junk bonds I watch trash sports.
I'm gender specific, Capital intensive, User friendly, and lactose intolerant.
I like rough sex, I like tough love, I use f word in my email,
and the software on my hard drive is hard core, no soft porn.
I bought a microwave at a mini mall,
I bought a mini van in a mega store.
I eat fast food in a slow lane.
I'm toll free, bite sized, ready to wear and I come in all sizes.
A fully equipped, factory authorized, hospital testd, clinically proven,
scientifically formulated medical miracle.
I've been pre-washed, pre-cooked, pre-heated, pre-screend, pre-approved, pre-packeged,
post-dated, freeze-dried, double-wrapped, vacuum-packed,
and I have an unlimited broadband capcacity.
I'm a rude dude, but I'm the read deal.
Lean and mean, cocked locked and ready to rock.
Rough tough and hard to bluff.
I take it slow, I got with the flow,
I ride with the tide, I got glide in my stride.
Divin' and movin', salin' and spinnin'
Jivin' and groovin', wailin' and winnin'
I don't snooze, so I don't lose.
I keep the pedal to the metal, and the rubber on the road.
I party hearty, and Lunch time is crunch time.
I'm hanging in, there ain't no doubt,
and I'm hanging tough, over and out.



